All right.
Good morning. We have first of all,
the New Zealand Council of Trade Union.
Welcome along. Today,
we're hearing submissions on the defense
workforce, me, Minville.
We're live streaming that,
and we've received your written submission.
We have 10 minutes set aside
for your oral submission today and commissions.
We'll hand straight over to you to speak to us. Thank you.
Thank, thank you, chair. Uh, marina.
My name is Richard Wesoff.
I'm the President of the Council of Trade Union,
and beside me is, is Gail Algoa.
He is our legal officer.
I'll make some opening remarks
and then I'll hand it over to Gail to make some more,
um, important points.
I think in broad terms, um, we are deeply, um,
not just opposed to this, but,
but actually quite surprised by it.
You know, we've had a long period
of industrial relations changes, um, ups and ebbs and flows
and so on, but not in any time in decades have we seen a
bill like this, which goes to the heart
of people's democratic right to strike.
Um, the existing arrangements, the status quo, as far
as I can see, weren't causing any problems.
Were just working. They, they, they enabled, um,
an emergency situations, the deployment of the military, um,
in very rare situations.
And here we have this legislation come proposed,
being proposed, and we can't see, well,
if this was the answer, what was the problem?
Where are the examples of a need to, of,
to change what we had in place?
We can't see them. What we did have was a workforce
who has offered zero at the bargaining table, tried
to do something about it, and there seems
to be a massive overage to slam back
with a legislation like this, which will severe
severely curtail their, uh, opportunities
and rights and, and bargaining.
So, in broad terms, you know,
this one seems really out there to me, uh,
as a CGU President to go
after these fundamental rights in a country that we like
to proudly consider a liberal democracy that upholds,
you know, basic fundamental democratic freedoms.
I'll hand over to Gale to go into some points here.
Um, thank you Richard.
And, um, thank you, uh, committee for this opportunity
to submit on this bill.
Um, as you've acknowledged, I, I know that the,
the committee has received a copy of a written submission,
so I won't go into that document in a great deal of detail.
Um, one thing I do want to do is to acknowledge
and endorse the submission
of the Public Service Association,
and I want to highlight that their submission stands on the
insights of the workers who will be impacted by this bill
and should be given the foremost
consideration by this committee.
Um, there are a few points that I want to sort, sort of, um,
draw out and highlight, uh, for the committee today.
Um, the first point is the issue, uh, of executive overstep.
So this bill expands the use of a discretionary,
discretionary executive powers without
parliamentary oversight.
Clause four extends the period
for which armed forces can provide public services
during industrial disputes from 14 to 13 days,
or if Parliament is not sitting the next sitting day.
This is a huge expansion on
what has been a carefully ring-fenced and scrutinized power.
In effect, if sitting days are taken into account,
the minister may replace striking
or locked up workers with military personnel for up
to 40 days at a time, and well in excess of a hundred days.
If the impact of election cycles are taken into account.
Um, this is not, clearly not in our view, a measure
to support the provision of needed public services.
This is a provision to crush the industrial power of, uh,
workers and to prolong industrial disputes.
Clause five allows the minister to deploy armed forces
to cover civil staff, uh, to a broad range of circumstances
well beyond, um, civil emergency, which is the threshold
that exists in the Principal Act at the moment.
Um, under the bill, the minister may use this power, uh,
with only a requirement to inform the house, um,
and may unilaterally determine
or extend the timeframe, uh, for the deployment
of armed forces.
Um, this, these are significant expansions
of executive rights at the expense of both parliamentary
and industrial democracy.
Another issue that we want to highlight
for the committee is the impact that this will have
on the New Zealand Defense Force, um,
calling the armed forces to cover work.
The work of striking or locked out workers is an aggressive
and controversial industrial tactic,
and it is for this reason that it's very
carefully prescribed in legislation.
Um, this is a step towards normalizing that kind of tactic.
And moving towards normalizing
such things will diminish the reputation
of the Defense Force and the government,
and it will place the military personnel
who are already stretched
and under-resourced in an unfair position of having to,
of being used to undermine the rights of working people.
Um, it is not right, it is not their job to cushion
employers from having to deal with the effects
of industrial disputes.
Um, and it's not their role.
So, um, that's, that's something that we want
to emphasize very strongly in this submission.
Um, if an employer wants
to avoid the acute effects of industrial action,
there are other options available to them.
Primarily, they can listen to their workers,
they can negotiate
and use the tools that are available
to employers under industrial law.
The message being sent to the public service
and to the civil, uh, civil staff
of Defense Force is very dire.
Um, you are, you're telling them that they're replaceable,
that they can be ignored,
and that the industrial tactics can be bypassed.
If this bill is passed in our submission,
it'll represent a depressing turn in the status
of working people in this country country.
And so, for those reasons and
for the reasons outlined in our written submission, uh, we
strongly recommend that this, uh, committee take a view
that this bill should not progress any further.
Um, thank you. We're happy to take any, any questions.
Alright. Thank you very much for your submission.
Uh, first question, Tim Costley.
Thank you, Mr. Chair.
Frankly, I'm pretty appalled at this submission, um,
and the overtly dramaticized language
and just factual inaccuracies all the way through it,
sitting here trying to tell us
that civilians are often zero at the bargaining table went
for year after year.
Over the last few years, they have received pay rises
and those that turn up in uniform haven't, uh, is,
is frankly more than disappointing.
Going through your, in your submission,
and I'd like to hear what you are basing some
of this on when you talk about subpart for the giving,
the Prime Minister, um, powers to go
and help if there's a civil emergency.
Subpart four is specifically on advice from the Commissioner
of Police for something like a counter terrorist incident.
I'm, I'm assuming you've actually read this act.
Um, if you keep working through it, you, you don't seem
to understand that this is not about using the military
to cover civil action, for example, uh,
protesting prison guards.
I think that's completely valid to talk about
that oversight, and that's what, not just my opinion,
but advice suggests part two of, of, of, uh,
section nine was always intended for,
this is about an internal, uh, a person whose day job
as a security, uh, force, uh, sailor, soldier, airmen
in the military, filling the role of a civilian
security guard in the av, uh, Navy, the army,
the Air Force doing the job they would do anyway.
And, and, and in that regard,
the Defense Force would be the only place, the,
the only place I can find any evidence of
where chief executive is not able to disperse
and deploy his forces internally, uh, as he sees fit.
It. It is a completely different situation to
what you are trying to make this out to be.
And I'd like to understand how you've even, uh, got to this
and, and how a 14 day versus a thirsty day, uh,
approval period, which is still higher than any other chief
executive has to go through any chief
executive in the public service.
How would that make a difference to the, to the,
to the rights of civilian employees
who frankly from the ones I've worked with, um, come to work
and do an amazing job in our defense force with a spirit
of service, not with trying to hold, uh,
the defense force over a barrel, um, in,
in the manner that you described.
So I, I'd appreciate where, how you're even reading this
to be anything like what it's,
Yeah.
Um, look, it's, that's a very, uh, with respect, a very, um,
uh, protracted and difficult to understand, uh, question.
I think you've, uh, uh,
Well, let's start with subpart four, the act.
Do you understand subpar four,
the act only applies in specifically says it's on advice
from the Commissioner of Police?
Yes. That's for civil emergency.
So how would that, do you understand?
Do you understand the bill?
No, I'm trying to, yeah. How would that help?
I'm trying to answer your question.
That's what's already provided in the act.
Do you understand that this bill changes
that and expands that?
No, it doesn't. This act is specifically about things
like national security.
Uh, it's about things like guarding the front
gate of a military base.
'cause that's kind of important. It's about being able
to get ships and aircraft deployed
for a humanitarian crisis in the Pacific.
It is not about counter-terrorist situations
or civil defense emergencies.
This, this, this act establishes a, a threshold
of reasonableness for the, for the, um,
for the minister to apply.
The minister's not bound to follow any advice, not bound
to be, um, directed by any other, uh, authority.
The minister's supposed to listen,
but this is actually a discretion.
And, uh, I think if you can't realize that, I think we need
to go through the, you need to go through the,
I'm sorry. You don't think it's reasonable
that we would guard the
front gate of a military base?
Um, well, well, uh, isn't that something
that military personnel do?
Uh, anyway. No,
That's exactly what we went to Parliament
for last year to cover Christmas. So
You get, you get, you get civil def defense,
you get civilian, um, civilian personnel
to guard military bases. Is that what you're telling me?
Yes. Civilian personnel, they'll sit on the front gate
of military bases as to military personnel last Christmas.
Uh, and they guard, we had to go to parliament
to get military personnel to be able
to cover civilians on the front gate.
And that's what, that's what people are opposing here.
So what, so what's the problem with that?
This is exactly right.
Currently we have settings which enable those situations
to be, uh, addressed by going to Parliament.
And we are saying that these existing,
the existing status quo works.
You can do this in emergency circumstances,
but it's an emergency circumstance
that you should only take, you know, with a, with a lot
of caution because you're interfering
with basic fundamental civil
rights here in industrial rights.
So there should be a very high threshold
and a mechanism that that can be applied,
but only in extreme
circumstances you've used that mechanism.
It seems to be the justification here is
because the industrial action once acutely felt well, that's
what industrial action's meant to do,
otherwise, you never get through a dispute.
You need to have a balance of, of power continue.
Uh, and that's basically what, what we're saying here,
what's wrong with what you've got.
It's right, it that makes it hard to do,
but it's, it's doable in extreme circumstances.
Mm-hmm. It's very rare for this, for this force
to take industrial action.
It's only when they're provoked
by minimal office at the table,
but for most of the time, they get a settlement,
uh, and do so in good faith.
And we would say that the current settings
are providing for that.
Once the employer knows they have a, a much easier mechanism
to deny them effective industrial action,
I think getting those, uh,
settlements will be much, much harder.
Yeah, I think Mr. Coley's point is that, uh, whilst
that's reasonable and most situations, the unique situations
of the extended Christmas period
or an election for example,
provides such an extended timeframe, that that would not be
possible under the existing legislation to allow for
that cover to continue.
And it is a critical function. It must continue. So.
All right. Look, thank you very much for your time today.
Really appreciate that. We'll move now on
to the next submission from Max Marshall.
Thank you.
Uh, good morning. Good morning, Ms. Marshall. Hi.
Thank you very much for coming along today.
Appreciate your time. We've received your written submission
and we have five minutes set down
for your oral submission today,
including questions, and
I'll hand straight over to you. Great.
Thank you very much. Um, good morning, chair and panel.
I believe that the policy is taken over from the Policy Pro
problem it was meant to solve.
If I look, if I looked at armed forces,
it has a special relationship unlike any other arm
of the state with the government
and the constitutional framework.
Indeed, it, indeed it is the key to the maintenance
of a liberal democracy.
The defense force has not been immune to the changes
of the last 40 years of this, the move towards managerialism
and the thought and designation of people
as self interested agents, red reduction
of the government and the defense relationship
and business to these reductive terms that of owner
and and purchaser.
The framing of activities into outputs
and inputs has led to this present problem.
The government's pro promotion
of defense forces towards some of the lengths
with commercial partners
and lending the Defense Force name
to promote private manufacturers seems at odds
with the central aim of the Defense Force stated above.
If I thought the move to use civilian workforce was flawed,
flawed 40 years ago, I think it is equally flawed
to put the Defense Force personnel into the role
to replace them in an industrial action.
Why is this? Both
of these problems stem from the same issue.
Einstein said, we cannot solve a problem At the same level
of thinking, the minister has said, the Defense
force cannot work without the right
equipment and conditions.
I agree, if we do not have the right conditions, what I mean
by conditions is the shift in the mentality
of not looking at a person as a burden,
but as an investment.
In the same time, uh,
they will be looking at the organization
with their own questions rather than looking at the upfront
value a person could contribute.
It is about the value gain from the organization through
retention and this value which has gained over a lifetime.
Here, I'm making reference to meaning
because it is important when people see their value only
or for what they'll get out when they leave, not what they,
they give to the institution.
This, this is,
this shows the attitude which contractual has created.
Upgrading our force means much more than just equipment.
It is trahan changing the organ organization.
So it will mutually attract people who share the vision
and want to invest their lives in contributing
to this very important work over many other
choices they could make.
This requires an investment, a long-term investment
by person and the investment of the institution.
And that person, which contractual blocks
the Defense force structure, does not stifle creativity,
innovation, and intellectual curiosity.
It gives it permission.
Um, they would be producing solutions.
They could have applications if they were working in a,
in the private sector, but
who benefit instead their state and the public.
The question of your renu remuneration is difficult
and something I'm not prepared to give any opinion on.
In the interim, they're going to want
to have a partner and a family.
Do we want them to struggle
with the question each month of how they want?
They are going to make the mortgage repayment.
It is a, a distraction.
I do not want to, I, I, I want, uh,
it is not a distraction I want
to give them from the work on the particular issue
they have been tasked with.
I know that this will take a huge shift,
but the last 40 years have proved, if anything,
something cannot be pared down to business,
a business term reference.
The consideration we have where our focus is taken up
by concerns around industrial action is
trivial by comparison.
But that's where we are today. All right.
Thank you, Ms. Marshall. A
question from the Honorable Damien.
Uh, look, thank, thank you very much
for your submission here.
Look, just a little bit confused here
because I, you've said, um, uh,
all administration should be done by active personnel.
I appreciate your position. Yes.
What I can't understand is you're saying that,
but I do not want the government
to stop using third party contractor
to undertake special support functions.
Exact example, catering.
Uh, that's not surely the core catering food services
for military personnel, though, are you? Oh,
I have spoken to your honorable, um, co, uh, colleague,
um, uh, um, penny Henry about this issue.
He's, he's to told me, um, this too, um,
I guess it's a, it is a, a practicals, um,
situation to, to make,
but, um, I, I wouldn't, I I, I'd want to, um,
u use it in a, um, I I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure that,
that there's a, it's re reasonable to, to allow people to,
to do that if they ne this, if it's necessary.
I, I, I guess my view is that, you know,
the Army marches on the stomach has been
known for centuries.
I guess if there's ever a critical issue,
it would be the provision of food. So,
But the, i I mean, you could actually, I mean, so why
we have a, why couldn't we
increase the workforce to go and do that?
Why couldn't we? Um, why, um, couldn't we, um,
not, not if that's what, what's needed.
The, the having having, um, the,
there's transitional costs
and involved in ha having a,
having contract tractors do do that.
And you could say there's benefit in having
and an employment.
Uh, I think I've always thought that having that,
having these, having big, big, these big large
in public institutions were, um, ways of, uh,
um, um, soaking up of, um, uh,
managing a lot of unemployment.
A lot of unemployment, I think out there was, was, was done
by many of these things, the hospitals, the, the railways.
Um, yeah, I'm sorry if I sound o old, old school,
but that's, I think things were better then.
I'm not sure about how, what I think about society today.
All right. Thank you very much for your time, Mr. Marshall.
Really appreciate your submission. Cheers. Okay.
We'll move now to the New Zealand Public
Service Association.
Good morning.
I'm sorry, we can't hear you.
Sorry. Is that better? Yes, we can hear you now.
Thank you very much. All right. We have 10 minutes set aside
for your submission this morning.
We've received your written submission.
Uh, we welcome your comments in support of that, uh,
and I'm sure there'll be questions from members
as well. Thank you.
Cool. Thanks very much. And I'm just being joined
by flu for Simons, too.
Hey, everyone, and thanks so much
for having us along today.
It's a very important issue for the PSA.
We have a thousand members around about working
as civilian personnel in the New Zealand Defense
Force for many years.
We have bargained collective agreements for these workers,
and we do believe,
and it's been, uh, pretty well canvassed,
that this bill is a result of effective industrial action,
which civilian members
of the New Zealand Defense Force took, uh, at the end of
the year before last and early this year,
that industrial action took place in an important context.
The context was that the head of the Defense Force announced
to all civilian personnel
that there would be a zero pay offer.
Well, it wasn't a pay offer, it was a decision.
It was presented to everybody
as you will be paid no more than you are.
Now, that was done to the civilian personnel,
but also publicly.
Now in New Zealand, employers aren't entitled
to simply announce what the pay rise will or won't be.
They need to sit down and try
and in good faith, agree it with the workforce.
What we saw when it came
to the New Zealand Defense Force was simply an announcement.
Now, that is not the way to conduct industrial relations.
We have had a long
and difficult relationship with the Defense Force,
but I just wanna acknowledge right now
that there are extensive efforts by senior personnel,
both military and civilian and senior personnel, uh,
and delegates and, and union officials to try
and put the relationship on a better footing.
So please, none of my comments are about the work
that is going in from both sides now to try
and rectify some of the problems
that have occurred in the past that have undermined the
terms and conditions of civilian personnel.
But I do just wanna reflect on that
because I think it's very relevant to this piece
of proposed legislation.
In the past, the PSA had to take litigation
for the New Zealand Defense Force to even agree
to bargain pay with us.
Now, it wasn't even in this round of bargaining
that was in previous bargaining.
We had to take them to the Employment Relations Authority
and say, you are required to bargain pay with CPSA.
They are entitled to be in the room.
They are entitled to have a position on behalf
of their civilian members at the New Zealand Defense Force.
We then had to take further litigation when the Defense
Force deliberately offered non-union members more in an
attempt to undermine the bargaining.
And then, as I said, in this round of bargaining,
we had a situation where the chief
of the Defense Force simply announced
that there wouldn't be a pay increase.
Now, there was then a very, uh,
protracted industrial dispute,
and the government has already said that it reduced, uh,
it introduced the partial strikes deduction,
partly in response to this industrial action.
We, in the end, got a settlement of that dispute.
We only got a settlement
because that industrial action was disruptive
because the government had to pass resolutions
because those Defense Force
civilian personnel took the very brave
and difficult decision to continue taking industrial action
to get a better outcome for them and their families.
And I just wanna talk about
who these civilian personnel are.
They are absolutely critical people
to the combat ready nature of the New Zealand Defense Force.
The New Zealand Defense Force is only able to operate well
because of the dedication of civilian personnel.
They include people like diesel engineers, security guards,
IT specialists,
and the administrators who make sure
that the military are able to serve properly, both here
and overseas, who do all the work in the background.
They're absolutely critical to the backbone
of the New Zealand Defense Force, and they should be valued,
and their ability to take industrial action should be
celebrated because they needed to, to achieve things
for them and their families.
And the most recent industrial dispute is
a clear example of that.
They were offered nothing, including on the radio
by the chief of the Defense Force.
They took a series of industrial action,
and in the end, we got a thousand dollars to every worker,
and also a commitment
that trades based roles would be properly valued
and that the union and the employer would work on them.
None of that was possible except for the fact
that we were able to undertake a campaign
of industrial action
because civilian defense personnel had had enough.
They were constantly told that they weren't valuable,
that their value was, was to be determined by the employer,
not to be agreed between them and the union.
So I just want to break and, and even then,
after all the industrial action
and all the disruption that occurred, it was only able
to take place because we went to facilitation
with the Employment Relations Authority over a period
of three days in a confidential setting
and agreed an outcome.
We also agreed to rebuild the relationship
between the civilian personnel and the Defense Force.
And I just wanna say as well,
that these personnel had incredible support
from their military colleagues.
They said they do not want
to be undermining them in their strike action.
They said that privately to us, they,
that the whole approach of using the military
as replacement labor is incredibly divisive.
And that is particularly problematic in a defense force.
A defense force needs to act as one.
It's part of the strength of it.
This bill is damaging, it's divisive and it's dangerous,
and we ask that you don't proceed with it.
What we want to do is have a equal footing relationship.
We want to be respected when we come
and advocate on behalf
of civilian personnel to the employer.
We don't want to have to take disruptive industrial action.
But that will keep happening if the Chief
of the Defense Force keeps announcing zero payoffs.
And look, I'm hopeful that won't happen in the future given
the improved relationship we have
after this industrial action.
But I just wanna also say that this government's record
and defense is very problematic.
We've lost lots of civilian personnel.
141 of them took voluntary redundancy.
A whole bunch more have been restructured out,
vacancies haven't been filled.
The Defense Force civilian personnel are being starved
of their ability to properly operate in the Defense Force
and to be valued and respected.
Um, we are worried that the practical implications
of this bill will be very problematic as well.
There isn't, uh, the appropriate training
for military personnel to do many
of the civilian personnel tasks.
We are worried that there's less parliamentary scrutiny.
But at the end of the day,
what we are really worried about is
that this undermines the ability
of civilian defense personnel to be properly valued
and to stand up for themselves and their families.
And I spoke to them individually, many of them in advance
of our facilitation.
And what they told me is that their families
were sacrificing their own wellbeing
because they were committed to the defense force.
I was astonished at the low pay
that we were expecting civilian personnel
to operate in our defense force on.
So they need all the help they can get in bargaining better
from the Defense Force, and this takes away from that.
All right. And very, thank you very much appreciate your
submission question from Tim Coston.
Yeah, can I just, just, just to understand on page one,
and you make the point, I think you've articulated your
point quite well as have others, that, um,
by using military personnel to backfill these positions
during industrial action, it's sort of, uh, impinges or, or,
or it li it limits the impact of that,
that the industrial election might otherwise have.
But then on page four, in your submission,
when you talk about the bill being detrimental to the NCDF,
you say in these cases, military personnel would need
to drop their own duties with the cascading effect on the
operation of the NCDF.
I mean, that doesn't that illustrate the exact point
that actually using military personnel, say a security, uh,
uh, per personnel to cover a civilian security force,
it does actually still have a meaningful
impact the industrial action.
It's just that there are some issues that are critical.
And the examples we've heard here,
we're getting a frigate away on a six month deployment.
Um, it was, uh, guarding the main, the main gate
to an ammo dump or to a military base.
So, so yes, this power enables the CDF
to protect those core functions,
but it still has a meaningful impact, doesn't it?
I mean, your own submission says that,
Well, um, it sounds like you've got a future
as a union official, because we will try
and find ways for it to still have a meaningful impact.
But with the, in the introduction of, um,
the partial strikes legislation
and this, it is deliberately designed for it
to have less of an impact.
And what happens in industrial disputes is the less
of an impact that a strike has,
the less likely the employer is
to take it seriously and settle.
So we want all the levers,
and actually, government has a role as well,
because we wouldn't be in industrial disputes if the
military was funded properly in the first place.
Can, can I just clarify, aside from the, you know,
biggest funding increase ever for defense,
but can I just clarify, so how would this be different?
Say, when I was at high school at Palmy Boys High, that most
of the staff there didn't believe in striking
and so on strike days, I still had to go
to school, which I was gutted about.
But what they did is they just got relievers into cover.
The few teachers that did strike,
they were able to use their assets.
Sometimes on a company coast,
we have this horrible thing called bus replacements.
Maybe the train drivers go on strike,
but they replaced them with buses.
How, how is this this different?
Of course, it will have some effect, but it has lesser
and lesser effect, and that's
what your government is deliberately designing into
legislation industrial action that is less effective.
And look, the, the, the harsh reality is
that industrial action is meant to be disruptive.
It's meant to send a clear message.
And look, I'll tell you, it's not easy for a thousand
civilian personnel to decide to go on strike of all workers.
They do not take that decision lightly at all.
But when they do it, we should listen.
And while your government has made significant investment in
defense that has not been in civilian personnel, hundreds
of civilian personnel have left the defense force either
through voluntary redundancy or forced dismissals
because of funding cuts by your government.
So I won't have it you saying
that you've got this record investment,
it certainly hasn't been into civilian personnel,
and we had to fight and fight to get them.
Uh, and not even that, that effect, uh, increase
that much of a pay increase.
So, you know, and now you want
to take away the last remaining bits of power
that they have in an industrial dispute.
The best thing you could do is recognize them
and value them properly. Thank
You. We'll just fit in one
final question
from Tiano to your honor.
Ki thank you very much for your, uh, very detailed,
um, uh, submission.
Uh, you, you talked earlier about the, the relationship
between, uh, military staff and civilian staff and, and,
and the impact that there's, that,
that this is having on them.
Uh, how, how do you see the impact of this bill on
that relationship given, um, when there are,
when there are industrial disputes, you need to be able
to actually sit down and have a, have a talk
and have a discussions to actually move things forward.
What will the, what will the impact in your view
of this bill be on that relationship?
Yeah, thanks for the question.
'cause I do think it's an important one.
We need the defense force to operate strongly as one.
And what bringing in these strike breakers will do is add
tension and division to the way that the military operates.
And in many cases, that tension and division will last long
after the dispute has been settled
because relationships will be frayed
and it will be very difficult.
Civilian personnel will see some of the strike breakers
as undermining the industrial action.
And what the message we've had from the military personnel
is that they don't want to be put in that position.
Some of them have really put their neck out
and expressed to civilian personnel
that they're deeply uncomfortable
with being asked to do this.
So it's gonna be divisive, there'll be tensions,
and they may last many, many years long
after the industrial dispute is settled.
All right. Thank you very much for your time today.
Appreciate it. Thank you. Uh,
our final submitter is not joining us today.
So that brings an end to the public submissions on the
Defense Workforce Amendment.